hi hi folks
well today I am not by myself and this
guy over here he muscled me out of my
seat do you that's it kids and he stuff
he comes all the way from neon cuckoo
Japan that's him
Japanese what's his name you see I am
NOT allowed to give you his identity
because it's a seat he's in this country
for about three months and he come here
to visit me during the Thanksgiving
weekend would you like to say something
to do good folks
oh sure hi folks well first of all the
the fact that Tony is holding my
passport doesn't mean I'm kidnapped or
something like that
don't worry foreign ministry of Japan
well Gary I am visiting Tony has for the
Thanksgiving holiday and this is a great
opportunity for me to learn the American
culture of Thanksgiving firsthand and in
fact later today we're going to be
visiting Daley Plaza where Jonathan
Canidae was assassinated by about five
days ago and so far I'm loving Dallas
and if you have a chance to visit Texas
please do it'll be you're gonna love it
I am so happy and I'm so honored that I
am able to show the gentleman from Japan
takes his hospitality because when I was
in Japan everybody showed me such
wonderful Japanese hospitality no I got
the ghazzal yuma's I speak many Japanese
in the Japanese person will see you god
bless you god bless america
god bless the nation you happen to be in
and of course god bless me uncle kou
japan see it so thanks everybody for
watching